# robotics
This is the GIT repository for the robotics project

Run MATLAB code Instructions:
-----------------------------
-  To run the code, please open project.m file inside the folder ‘/code/‘ and execute the same in MATLAB.
-  The code runs on SVM classifier by default. To change the classifier please choose the options in Lines 26/27 of project.m by uncommenting the line of the corresponding classifier.
-  All training images are placed in the folder '/code/train'
-  All test images are placed in the folder '/code/test'


Run Report and confusion matrix:
--------------------------------
-  The instantaneous HTML report for every run is generated at ‘/code/results_webpage/index.html’.
-  The instantaneous confusion matrix for every run is generated at ‘/code/results_webpage/confusion_matrix.png’.


Consolidated project report
---------------------------
A consolidated HTML project report for one of the optimal runs is placed in the file at ‘/html/index.html’. This report has the project goal, steps taken in the algorithmic approach, the image of the confusion matrix of both classifiers and  parameter tweaking notes/observations, all in one page. This page is not autogenerated on every run, however, the result pages are taken from an actual run of the project code.


Confusion Matrix and Results HTML page:
---------------------------------------
The HTML report has the confusion matrix and a table with one row per category, with 3 columns - training examples, true positives, false positives, and false negatives.
Based on the predicted category for each test case, the code will build a confusion matrix. Entry (i,j) in this matrix will be the proportion of times a test image of ground truth category i was predicted to be category j. An identity matrix is the ideal case.
False positives are instances claimed as that category but belonging to another category, e.g. in the 'forest' row an image that was classified as 'forest' but is actually 'mountain'. 
This same image would be considered a false negative in the 'mountain' row, because it should have been claimed by the 'mountain' classifier but was not.


This HTML report is similar to the one created for the SUN database in 2010: http://people.csail.mit.edu/jxiao/SUN/classification397.html
